OK, so the next thing is going to be
spatchcock or butterfly chicken,
which is excellent for even cooking
and as well as reducing the time
that you're going to be grilling
this, this, bird, right,
as well for marinades.
You know, you have more flexibility
to add more flavors into it.
But anyways, let's go through.
So we have our breasts once again?
Breast, legs, thighs,
everything looks very pretty.
I usually start with the neck towards me,
I identify where the neck is,
and with my scissors or shears, I'm
going to cut right next to the neck.
I'm following the line of the neck
all the way to the back.
And then I'll do the same on
the other side. OK.
Now, at this point,
I'm almost done with the butterflying,
but if you can see this, the
the the breasts still up.
And what I want is to make this flats OK,
so how are you going to do that
very carefully, I'm just going to,
you see, very carefully here.
There's almost like a triangle.
What I'm doing here is just,
I'm getting to the keel.
Just so it opens up a little bit.
Just like that,
now that I opened the keel,
I don't need to remove this part off.
You can just keep it like that.
Will these having the bones
like this as well will prevent
a drying of the meat
while you are grilling it?
So here you have a very simple technique.
Very fast, very easy
way of butterflying the the chicken
once again it's called spatchcock
or butterfly chicken.